Add tidb_server_memory_limit tip (#13631)
pingcap/docs: configure-memory-usage.md

When the memory usage of a tidb-server instance reaches a certain proportion of the total memory (the proportion is controlled by the system variable [`tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger-new-in-v640)), tidb-server will try to trigger a Golang GC to relieve memory stress. To avoid frequent GCs that cause performance issues due to the instance memory fluctuating around the threshold, this GC method will trigger GC at most once every minute.

> > **Note: **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ** Note:**
```

>

> > In a hybrid deployment scenario, `tidb_server_memory_limit` is the memory usage threshold for a single tidb-server instance, instead of the total memory threshold for the whole physical machine memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In a hybrid deployment scenario, `tidb_server_memory_limit` is the memory usage threshold for a single tidb-server instance, instead of the total memory threshold for the whole physical machine.
```

When the memory usage of a tidb-server instance reaches a certain proportion of the total memory (the proportion is controlled by the system variable [`tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger-new-in-v640)), tidb-server will try to trigger a Golang GC to relieve memory stress. To avoid frequent GCs that cause performance issues due to the instance memory fluctuating around the threshold, this GC method will trigger GC at most once every minute.

> **Attention**：In a mixed deployment scenario, the tidb_server_memory_limit should be the memory usage threshold for a single tidb-server instance, instead of the total memory threshold for the whole physical machine memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note: **
> In a hybrid deployment scenario, `tidb_server_memory_limit` is the memory usage threshold for a single tidb-server instance, instead of the total memory threshold for the whole physical machine memory.
```

When the memory usage of a tidb-server instance reaches a certain proportion of the total memory (the proportion is controlled by the system variable [`tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger-new-in-v640)), tidb-server will try to trigger a Golang GC to relieve memory stress. To avoid frequent GCs that cause performance issues due to the instance memory fluctuating around the threshold, this GC method will trigger GC at most once every minute.

> > **Note: **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note: **
>
```
